#summary Coding conventions to be followed in Javascript files here.

= Introduction =

All Javascript files must follow these coding conventions before they can be committed to the release project.


= Language Rules =
  
  * Variable declarations must start with 'var.'
  * All JS expressions must end with a semi-colon.
  * Method definitions should look like:
{{{
Foo.prototype.bar = function() {
  /* ... */
};
}}}

= Style Rules =

== Naming ==
  * Capitalization: functionNamesLikeThis, variableNamesLikeThis, !ClassNamesLikeThis, and SYMBOLIC_CONSTANTS_LIKE_THIS. 
  * Be descriptive.
  * Private variables or functions should end in underscores (`func_`).
  * Optional arguments should start with `opt_`.

== Formatting ==
  * No tabs anywhere - 2 spaces indent for each level of scope.
  * Wrapped lines should be indented 4 spaces.
  * Object initialization looks like:
{{{
  Obj = {
    key: "value",
    key2: "value2"
  };
}}}
  
== Comments ==
  * Should generally follow [http://jsdoc.sourceforge.net/ JSDoc] conventions.
  * Inline comments are useful if the code is unclear.
  * Each function must be commented (purpose, @param, @return):
{{{
/**
 * Creates a flat icon based on the specified options in the 
 *     {@link MarkerIconOptions} argument.
 *     Supported options are: width, height, primaryColor,
 *     shadowColor, label, labelColor, labelSize, and shape..
 * @param {MarkerIconOptions} [opts]
 * @return {GIcon}
 */
}}}
  * Copyright, author, license, plus short description of file at top of code:
{{{
/**
 * @name MapIconMaker
 * @version 1.1
 * @author Pamela Fox
 * @copyright (c) 2008 Pamela Fox
 * @fileoverview This gives you static functions for creating dynamically
 *     sized and colored marker icons using the Charts API marker output.
 */

/*
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at
 *
 *     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 *
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 * limitations under the License. 
 */
}}}